ACM-14356: Edge Management dev-preview info (#20)
stolostron/stolostron: dev-preview/README.md

Simply set `InstanceSize` field on MCO CR to a value that would suit your monitoring needs.

## Edge Management

> Edge Management aims to provide simple, scalable, and secure management of edge devices and applications. Users declare the operating system version, host configuration, and set of applications they want to run on an individual device or a whole fleet of devices, and Edge Management will roll out the target configuration to devices where a device agent will automatically apply them and report progress and health status back up.

Reviewer: I would mention MicroShift/RHDE up front.

> Edge Management aims to provide simple, scalable, and secure management of edge devices and applications. Users declare the operating system version, host configuration, and set of applications they want to run on an individual device or a whole fleet of devices, and Edge Management will roll out the target configuration to devices where a device agent will automatically apply them and report progress and health status back up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edge Management aims to provide simple, scalable, and secure management of edge servers or devices running image-mode RHEL / RHDE and applications on Podman or MicroShift. Users declare the target operating system version, host configuration, and set of applications they want to run similarly to how they would on edge clusters with OpenShift. Edge Management further debuts fleet management, enabling users to specify device templates that Edge Management automatically rolls out to groups of devices and reports progress and health status on.
```
